Add FAQ about ideal CoinJoin times (#361)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.md

@[youtube](3Ezru07J674)
:::

:::details
### What is the best time to CoinJoin?

You can CoinJoin whenever you want.
That said, the ideal way to CoinJoin would be when:

1. Mempool is clean.
CoinJoins are unfairly cheap when the mempool is empty.
Remember to take a look at websites like [Johoe's Bitcoin Mempool Statistics](https://jochen-hoenicke.de/queue/#0,24h) or [mempool.space](https://mempool.space/) to see mempool statistics in real time.

2. Your inputs are the same or little higher as the minimal denomination for the current round.
[Change is an issue](/using-wasabi/ChangeCoins.md#why-change-is-an-issue).

> For this reason, you should try to CoinJoin with the required denomination for the current round (starting roughly from 0.1 BTC).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this reason, whenever possible it is recommended to CoinJoin with exactly the required denomination for the current round (roughly 0.1 BTC) to not get any change back.
```
